FBI agents Marcus and Kevin koklich have
been assigned to protect the heiress's
to a multibillion-dollar fortune if the
kidnapper strikes we will be ready to
catch their kidnappers
someone's calling me do it through you
know them girls they gonna be there oh
they'll be there they'll have to do
these unthinkable
yo sup money you got a problem now my
home I pulled up what you want some of
this you want some of this money son I
think the both of you
from Keenen Ivory Wayans the director of
scary movie where no black man has gone
before
I don't see why I gotta go up mandingo
because if you don't you're gonna blow a
couple but that'll mean I gotta go with
Buffy to white girl and it's totally
captivated by the beauty gotta get in
there just suck that right now
[Music]
don't worry
marlon wayans the Beverly hopefully no W
it's a dr. Dre for a boob job let's kick
it all school previously fizzled my new
white chicks downtown walking fast
[Applause]
Oh